Welcome to the Android Ethical Hacking and penetration testing course, this course is brought to you
by Muharrem IDN.
And who are you, Ozdemir?
Our computer engineers and cyber security experts.
And we will be your instructors in this course.
The objective of this course is to teach you Android penetration testing with full hands on demos and
practices the first.
One year to learn what's happening behind the scenes, so that means I'm going to be talking about the
Android architecture Android security model and developing a basic Android app in the developer overview
section for you so that you can better understand the background of the Android operating system.
And its development over the years.
So I'm going to ask for your patience in these sections.
We've got a lot to get through.
What's really exciting is we take a hands on approach to these practices of the attacks and you can
make them on your own computer.
Now, in the beginning, the course will be setting up a laboratory for you to use throughout the course,
installing all the necessary virtual machines and tools.
So I present to you the main sections of this complete and comprehensive course, so let's have a look
at what we're going to learn in each section briefly.
I'll introduce you to Android, so in this section, you'll get to know the history of Android and the
Android ecosystem.
An Android architecture, you will learn the Android software stack Android runtime.
And the Analise apk file structure in Android studio.
Android security model, so in this section, you're going to get to know the application, sandboxing
permissions and see Linux.
And in the Android internal section.
You'll see the developer overview for Android apps, types of mobile apps, and you'll also learn how
to create Android virtual devices, Android components, and you'll develop a basic Android app yourself.
Now for setting up the laboratory, we've devoted a whole section where you set up the laboratory to
be ready for the course and the different hands on practice that we will do.
It will install Calli Virtual Box Android Studio, Gennie Motion Mob S.F. The Code apk studio apk tool
Android Debug Bridge and the bytecode viewer.
It's also important for you to learn how to connect an emulator or real device, as well as Kawi and
Rooting BASIX.
Now, Android static security analysis is an entire section.
Devoted to reverse engineering and apk file information gathering, repackaging, reassigning and RPK
static analysis with Mobb S.F. route detection and obfuscation techniques, and then we get to Android
pen testing.
So in this section, this is where you'll learn oos mobile top 10 vulnerabilities and you'll perform
security testing on intentionally vulnerable mobile apps.
So I also want to tell you who this course is targeted for.
It's for penetration testers.
You want to do a penetration testing against Android mobile phones, application developers who want
to write secure mobile applications.
But basically, anyone who wants to protect themselves against mobile attacks.